Add iOS Patching technique (MASTG-TECH-0147) (#3654)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: techniques/ios/MASTG-TECH-0147.md

---
title: Patching
platform: ios
---

Making small changes to an iOS app can help overcome common obstacles during security testing and reverse engineering. On iOS, two issues in particular happen regularly:

1. You can't intercept HTTPS traffic with a proxy because the app implements SSL pinning.
2. You can't attach a debugger to the app because it lacks the `get-task-allow` entitlement.

> In most cases, both issues can be fixed by patching the app and then re-signing and repackaging it. Apps that implement additional integrity checks beyond default iOS code-signing are an exception. In those cases, you have to patch the additional checks as well.

Reviewer: I wouldn't write exception, as for any banking app there will be such additional checks. Specifically as such apps need to be tested by pentest providers due to financial regulations. Also games will have such checks and others. 

```suggestion
In most cases, both issues can be fixed by patching the app and then re-signing and repackaging it. Apps that implement additional integrity checks beyond default iOS code-signing can be available for high-risk applications, like financial apps or to avoid cheating in games. In those cases, you have to patch the additional checks as well.
```
